Roteiro Super Hakai

Sinopse: A cidade de Tokaiba está sendo atacada (mais uma vez) no novo episódio de Super Hakai e alguém precisa salvar o dia! Bom, temos os bakarengers, mas não tem nada no contrato dos atores que inclua limpar a maldita cidade no final! Por isso os produtores da grande Fuei contrataram a incrível equipe de limpeza,  Ushi Ushi Inc!, para resolver esse probleminha.


Introdução ao jogo: 
Producer: WOOOOW! Ushiro-san! This episode was DOPE!  I’m calling you because...
Mrs Ushiro: So you gonna ask me to clean their mess again? No way! I’m full of this!
Producer: Hey, Ushiro-san! let’s improve this attitude! You are the only one worthy of the honorable mission of helping The Bakarengers! And don’t forget that you’re well paid!
Mrs Ushiro: HONORABLE MISSION?????????
Producer: Please, Ushiro-san! You’re our hero!  Think about all the families that you’ll save! Besides the money, our people will be counting  on you! They’ll be grateful foreverrrr!
Mrs Ushiro: …. O-Ok! Like I have a choice! But this time i want life insurance, food tickets, safety and…
Producer: Heeey, the prime minister is on line three like CRAZY! Kaichu’s Emperor is transmitting a message for humanity and… WAIT FOR IT, USHIRO-SAN… he pretends to destroy us all! *emoji assustado* oH No!
Well, namaste! 

Final da primeira Wave

Tomoe Renger: Ok! Mission complete. 
Kaichu’s Emperor: Heyyyy Sis! That all you got? IT’S STILL SHOWTIME! IT’S MY TIME TO SHIIINE! That was not even the first act! xoxo
Mrs Ushiro: … Nice.
Producer: Don’t Worry, Ushiro-san, the sponsors are on HYPE! They’ll send you all the necessary help. Just have to choose!

*Bonuses*

Final da terceira:
Tomoe Renger: Just give up. We will never surrender to the Kaichu.
Kaichu’s Emperor: Me? Give up….?
Mrs Ushiro: PLEASE!!!!
Kaichu’s Emperor: N-E-V-E-R!!! You have no idea of how hard was to choose the perfect look for humanity collapse! It’s time to end this! Prepare yourself for the final GLAMOUR! Oh! The third act, when the hero finally win! 
Mrs Ushiro: ...
Tomoe: And how the hell could YOU be a hero?
Kaichu’s Emperor: Babe, the hero is EVER the prettiest one, duh.
T-REX: KJDFALKJDWAAHURHWM,MDFLSDÇ
Mrs Ushiro: Whaaat?
Kaichu’s Emperor: OH! Could this be my secret weapon??? Bobby, good boy! Show them all the tricks daddy taught you!
Bobby Rex: KJDALKJDWALKJDAWLKDAWDAW

Final da quarta:
Terminando a quarta wave, aparecerá uma multidão agradecendo aos Super Hakai por salvar o dia e ao lado veremos o rosto frustado da senhora Ushiro na frente.